## Publication_01

This repository contains the research paper titled ["Evaluation of Automotive Parts Suppliers through Ordinal Priority Approach and TOPSIS"](https://doi.org/10.52812/msbd.37)

**Abstract:** The problem of supplier selection is an important concern for all businesses. Also, as environmental concerns are mounting and socio-economic crises are increasing worldwide, the need for resilient and environment-friendly suppliers is aggravating. Companies are under tremendous pressure to redefine their business practices and operations to achieve sustainability goals while being resilient. The study aims to evaluate the Chinese automotive parts suppliers based on 'gresilience' (green and resilient) criteria. The suppliers are evaluated using the Ordinal Priority Approach (OPA) and TOPSIS models. Also, it is the first time the TOPSIS model has been executed on the OPA-based criteria weights. The results from the two methods were mostly consistent. However, the OPA is flexible and can produce ranking under different assumptions.

----

## Publication_02

This repository contains the research paper titled ["Grey forecast of electricity production from coal and renewable sources in the USA, Japan, and China."](https://doi.org/10.1108/GS-10-2022-0107)

**Abstract:** Purpose – Electricity plays an essential role in nations’ economic development. However, coal and renewables currently play an important part in electricity production in major world economies. The current study aims to forecast the electricity production from coal and renewables in the USA, China, and Japan. Two intelligent grey forecasting models – optimized discrete grey forecasting model DGM (1,1,α), and optimized even grey forecasting model EGM (1,1,α,θ) – are used to forecast electricity production. The accuracy of the forecasts is measured through the mean absolute percentage error (MAPE). Findings – Coal-powered electricity production is decreasing, while renewable energy production is increasing in the major economies (MEs). China’s coal-fired electricity production continues to grow. The forecasts generated by the two grey models are more accurate than that by the classical models EGM (1,1) and DGM (1,1) and the exponential triple smoothing (ETS). Originality/value – The study confirms the reliability and validity of grey forecasting models to predict electricity production in the MEs.

